hey everybody today's video is a super
quick and simple hair tutorial it is
just two braided bangs in the front area
and then it's a low pony in the back I
hope you guys liked it and please stay
tuned for the tutorial so to start off
all you are going to need is two
elastics just small ones like this don't
know if you can even see those because
they are clear and then you're going to
need hairspray so I have healthy sexy
hair so I touch my right here and then
my TIGI Bed Head masterpiece of shine
hair spray this is just a little heavier
of a hold so just kind of depending on
how my hair is going will depend on what
hairspray I use so let's get started so
I'm not going to part my hair anything I
am just going to start braiding and I am
French braiding today so just grabbing a
small triangle in the front like that
big I'm looking at my mirror so if I'm
not looking at you guys that is why then
just begin to braid I'm going to try to
do this pretty tight just because I know
my hair will loosen so just keep adding
hair and braiding
I'm grabbing all the hair in front of my
ear and then once I kind of have it
placed where I want it and once you pull
a few pieces out so just keep going down
and the position I'm going in it's just
kind of like a diagonal from where I'm
starting because I want to end up at the
back of my head and pretty low almost to
my neck so just keep grabbing
and this also does not have to be
perfect this is more at a Messier look
so once I get to about right there I'm
just going to tie it off with one of
those clear elastics
and then just pull a small piece out
about that big just by my ear just
because I do like a few face-framing
pieces moving on to the other side
there's going to do the exact same thing
okay and you want to make sure that the
braids are even on both sides and mine
are close enough I'm not too picky then
what you are going to want to do is kind
of grab your hair in a low ponytail like
this and then be careful and just take
out that one elastic you like to kind of
just run my hand through the center to
make sure there are no really bad bumps
and that what I like to do is kind of
just take it and start grabbing pieces
that are across from each other and just
pulling just to make it a little bit
bigger so just like that making sure my
pieces are even and then to make it a
little more on the messy side I'm just
going to take my fingers and kind of
just shake it still being careful I
don't want to loosen it too much so just
like that and then I'm going to take my
healthy sexy hair so I touch my hair
spray and just spray this all over and
then we're at better hold in my bangs
I'm just going to take my Bed Head
masterpiece hairspray and just spray
that just to make sure that those pieces
really stay in place and this part is
optional but if you like a little more
volume in the crown you can just take a
comb like this and just be very careful
and just kind of tug
Hey what are you doing hi and that is
the finished look just two simple french
braids with a little little pony or if
you have longer hair ears obviously is
going to be a bigger pony but there is
that so I hope you guys like this video
is pretty simple and quick and if you
have any other hair quick quests that
you would like me to do then please just
leave them down below in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a thumbs up if you liked it and don't
forget to also subscribe for more videos
I hope you guys have an awesome day and
I hope to see you next video
bye guys